1. There is a simple JS script in emoji directory, where all exclamation and question marks are replaced with approprate emojis. Using JS we search in the DOM mentioned marks, so as we know emoji's code, we replace marks with appropriate emoji using built-in method 'fromCodePoint'.
2. There is JS code which checks in the DOM whether word length is greater than 8 charachters in highlight directory. If it's greater, then it pastes that word in the 'span' tag with class 'highlight', which colors it to yellow color.
3. There is JS code which checks if input fields are filled appropriately in the input directory. 
First input field is for email address, after click to submit button if it is empty or doesn't contain email sign then it shows warning message.
Second input field is for phone number and it has three options of number mask(Armenian, Russian,Georgian) when dropdown menu is clicked(arrow sign at the right side of the number input field). After choosing anyone from these mask we get different number formats and after we type number it will be formatted appropriately. If we type non numeric charachters(letters), it won't be typed and warning message will be shown. And also if number doesn't contain plus sign at the begining of the number warning message will be thrown.
4. There is simple slider in the slider directory. There are two arrows(left and right), 5 circles at the bottom and 5 slide images on the slider. Circles at the bottom indicate which slide is active. When we click on the arrows one slide will be hidden and another one will be shown and circle icon will be changed by another one properly.
5. There is simple code that makes tasks list for us in the todoList directory. There is input field and submit button on the page. After typing task name and clicking on the button we add task in the temporary tasks list, where we can edit,delete or confirm(transfer task to final list at the bottom) task. In the temporary list we have three buttons edit,delete and confirm, when we press on the edit button it allows us to make changes in the task name and after making changes we must press confirm button to confirm changes and transfer task to the final tasks list, and clicking on the delete button we remove task from temporary tasks list. We can delete all tasks at once using clear button at the bottom of the temporary tasks list. At the final tasks list we have delete button for each task.
6. There is a JS code which tracks mouse movement on the page in the track directory.